EwE todo
========

  Warning if there are no water cells on pre-run
  Hatchery stocking ff cannot be removed from stanza group -> Works OK in Georgia Strait. Joe?
	 - Unable to reproduce
V Pedigree not drawing in pedigree grid (but data is there?), not showing on grids
V In the MTI, the options to change the image are not showing up
V In the keystone index, the options to change the figure to include biomasses are not showing up 
V Group capacity model grid: use fixed column widths
  
V MPA dyn: export button needs tooltip
V MPA dyn: exported csv needs year + month, not just year
V MPA dyn: export CSV link opens file, not the folder
  MPA dyn: add 'all year', 'all fleets' columns to CSV file (or 'm*', 'fleet*') -> Colette?
  
  Connect ext data -> define ext data -> connection list does not refresh
  External data grid add incremental updates, do not total refresh
  
V New movement parm in Ecospace: movement rel to cell fitness (not cap; prod as ratio of loss) 0 = default
V Ecospace dispersal grid: EatEffBad can be deleted from the UI? 
  Disable respiration warning for MS groups: non-feeding last stanza high mort -> resp warning
V Ecosampler: add means to select batch run start sample index
  
V Import Hake HSPEN Depth does not set depth limits correctly (40-1000m imports to limits 0-1m)
V Copy layer style does not work between env driver layers
V Navigator > Ecospace: move habitat foraging usage nav item up
  Sort out confusing terminology in Space: fn responses, env responses, habitat foraging responses
  Rewrite map logic! Double-buffering can cause out of memory errors. Perhaps simple fix will do? If not, manage zooming in code (not in WinForms)
V Add "Auto save settings" group box in Ecospace Parameters
V Add Ecospace result writers to file management UI 
  Add Ecospace result writers to EwE core (with secundary access through Ecospace parameters)
  Add Monte Carlo result writers to file management UI
  Ecowriter: remark column size to width, not size to content
  Transect extraction: add fleet and group plots
  Transect extraction: add fleet effort and discards, and show which fleets are banned from fishing through MPAs
  Transect extraction: add plot that shows where there are habitat limitations to fishing
V Add cStringUtils.ToParagraph, adding line breaks after a preferred no. of characters, and use this in tooltips
  ImportLayer: use ApplicationStatus to notify user what's happening
V Edit env drivers; changes in name, units, and descriptions rarely stick
V Edit layer UI: add field to edit units
V Edit layer UI: allow remarks for layers
  Multi-sim does not seem to validate function names when ran?!
V Remove importance layers from Ecospace maps UI; MPA opt only
  
? Bring Ecosim Nutrient loading + Production forcing per PP group to Ecospace: 
   - Add Nutrient loading layer
   - Add RelPP layer per PP group
? Allow remarks on forcing & mediation functions
? Allow plug-in points on toolstrips (by identifying the class name of the grid / form that has a main toolbar, like quick editor)
? Hyperbolic function parameter names are still at old defaults, is this correct?
  MC best fitting trial does not show diet, landings, discards
V Ecosim CSV output: "landings" not appened to file name
  Sometimes biomass plot stay empty when re-running MC? 
> Output MC results per group variable for all trials
  Old MC: was there a link between output saving and the selected group in MC? Check EwE 6.5 code
  MC: index out of range in Ecosim for larger models?
V MC: blocked QB variables still perturbed; should check QBinput and not include GS into IsVariable assessment
  Tools icon in Nav tree does not have transparent background
  Ecosampler: record sum of squares with each sample
  
? Consider hiding Catchability grid from EwE 6.6 Beta

--- EwE Barcelona course issues ---
V Pedigree issues: remove ability to add custom CVs in pedigree: that was a bad idea
V Catchabilities column too small
V Run Ecosim: cannot highlight last group
  ENA: After clicking around a lot, MTI table (and others) stop appearing. The wait cursor is spinning, and the status bar is saying "executing plug-in".
V Time series shapes grid should not allow editing of points, type, but should be able to edit weight and name
  Add multi-item delete/keep toggle in 'Define' dialogs (group, fleets, habitats, mpas, env driver layers, importance layers)
V Policy Optimization does not run; boolean MPA maps stop the system
V Stepwise Fitting: allow stopping! Issue with Application status feedback; forgets that Stop issue is set
V Stepwise Fitting: window too heigh for low-res monitors
  
--- EwE Faro course issues ---
  Start page empty for most machines: IE compatibility flag not set in installer?
V Copy/paste group names does not work
V Tutorial 1: "Edit Fleets" vs "Define Fleets"
V Tutorial 1: Move stanza setup info to earlier on in the exercise text
V Tutorial 1: Add temperature 10C
V Tutorial 1: Parameterization > Ecopath Output
? Define multi-stanza: vbK = -9999 validation failure warning popup. Provide default instead!
V Define multi-stanza: extend labels to leading (B), leading (QB)
V Exercise 2f/2d, cycles: no error feedback when cannot estimate?
   - I brought back missing parameter status feedback in the UI, and made sure silenced Ecopath messages are sent out after the run
V Add custom currency unit
V Validation status error message should explain why validation fails
V Ecopath output value: Add units to fleet columns
  Group info: use cUnit in headers, remove from label resources
  >> JOE Ecopath params: Remove "Ecospace coupled to external model" checkbox?
  Read only models: do not allow users to create/delete items
  Ecosim FD sometimes does not animate on Macs? Try running sim, opening, closing disgram, in various ways. Perhaps timer is not properly released? Slider works
  Fit to time series does not open up on Macs?
  Fit to time series anomaly search panel does not extent all the way to the right on some models
V Clear "N. spline points" in Fit2TS.NudUpDown, run: Exception unable to convert empty string to integer
  On some monitors Tools > Options does not stretch all the way to the right
  Import TS type 2 (environmental forcing, which translates to a FF): should be able to leave pool code field empty
  Import TS type 2 should overwrite any function with the same name!
  Apply functional response > Define shape > OK does not update shape data in dlg
  
--- No issues / need further work or clarification ---
? Effort dynamics flag overrides effort/F sketching by using economic evaluation only
